feat: Add sinco v3 docs (#63)
drashland/website-v2: docs/sinco/v3.x/2_tutorials/2_page/5_waiting.md

# Waiting

## Table of Contents

- [Before You Get Started](#before-you-get-started)
- [Folder Structure End State](#folder-structure-end-state)
- [Steps](#steps)
- [Verification](#verification)

## Before You Get Started

> `Page` provides methods to wait in specific scenarios, such as waiting for the
> page to change after clicking a button, or waiting for an anchor change on the
> uri. These help in ensuring your following code matches what the page should be,
> so say for example, you click a button that changes the page after 5 seconds.
> The `waitForPageChange()` method will wait for this, so your other actions and
> assertions aren't trying to run whilst the new page hasn't loaded yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Page` provides methods to wait in specific scenarios, such as waiting for the
page to change after clicking a button, or waiting for an anchor change on the
URI. These help in ensuring your following code matches what the page should be.
So say for example, you click a button that changes the page after 5 seconds.
The `waitForPageChange()` method will wait for this, so your other actions and
assertions are not trying to run whilst the new page has not loaded yet.
```

> The following methods Sinco provides are:
> 
> - `waitForPageChange()`
> - The `waitForPageChange()` method will wait for the page to change, eg clicking
>   an anchor tag that directs the user to a new uri.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sinco provides the following metod:

- `waitForPageChange()`: This will wait for the page to change (e.g., clicking
  an anchor tag that directs the user to a new URI).
```

In this tutorial, you will:

> - Create a headless browser instance; and
> - Go to a website;
> - Wait for the page to change on a click;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a headless browser instance;
- Go to a website; and
- Wait for the page to change on a click.
```

## Folder Structure End State

```text
▾ /path/to/your/project/
  app_test.ts
  deps.ts
```

## Steps

1. Create your `app_test.ts` file.

   ```typescript
   // app_test.ts

   import { buildFor } from "./deps.ts";

   Deno.test("My web app works as expected", async function () {
     const Sinco = await buildFor("chrome");
     const page = await Sinco.goTo("https://drash.land");
     const element = await page.querySelector(
       'a[href="https://discord.gg/RFsCSaHRWK"]',
     );
     await element.click();
     await page.waitForPageChange();
     const location = await page.location();
     await Sinco.done();
     assertEquals(location, "https://discord.com/invite/RFsCSaHRWK");
   });
   ```

> Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to
> https://drash.land. Once the page has loaded, you will select an element on the
> page and click it, waiting for the new page to load before proceeding. Finally
> you will assert that clicking has worked and the url is now different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to
`https://drash.land`. Once the page has loaded, you will select an element on the
page and click it -- waiting for the new page to load before proceeding. Finally,
you will assert that clicking has worked and the URL is now different.
```

## Verification

1. Run your test.

   ```shell

>    $ deno test --allow-run --allow-read --allow-net app_test.ts

Author: add restrictive perms

   ```

> 2. All of your tests should pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All of your tests should pass.
```
